Lead Connect LinkedIn marketing automation tool and a great sales and marketing tool it reaches my specific target audience. Send connection request up-to 100 per day with just one click.
Lead connect works flawlessly with Sales Navigator as well.

With this tool, you can schedule a campaign/cadence, which allows you to build your own LinkedIn lead generation funnel.

LinkedIn Lead Generation

1) Send a connection request to a targeted audience with a customized message. You can use placeholders like {first name}, {last name}, {full name} and {company name} to customize connection message.
2) Schedule a follow-up message after a defined time interval to be sent out after a connection is accepted.
3) Setup multiple follow-ups until a response is received.

- As soon as a response is received no other follow-up will be sent.

You can use our tool for free with 5 requests per day and 15 messages per day. If you want to send more request you have to select from any of our Pro Plans. Pricing can be found on https://leadconnect.io/pricing/

For more information, please visit https://leadconnect.io.

✔️ Signup for Free Account: https://leadconnect.io/signup/

Why Choose Lead Connect?

Lead Connect is one of the best LinkedIn automation tool. To grow at a rocket speed in this era of technology one has to implement automation as much as possible. Automatically send up-to 700 connection invitations per week and scheduled follow-up messages to save your time, unlike dux-soup-for-LinkedIn.

Make sure you are using Linkedin's appropriate limits. If you are not sure about the limits feel free to get in touch.

✔️ Team Security:

- With our team sync feature you can make sure your multiple accounts are not approaching same lead for similar campaign, avoid repetitive work and confusion.

✔️ Templates:

- You can save templates to be used in any campaign and easily use them within the tool.

✔️ Reports:

- Reports lets you determine how many requests you have sent how many have been accepted.

✔️ CRM Integrations:

- Connect LinkedIn to HubSpot and automate tedious sales tasks.

- Save profile to HubSpot with one-click.

✔️ Email Finder:

We integrate with Skrapp, Find That Lead, Email Hunter, toofr, Any Mail Finder.
